index.md, before:

---
layout: cv
title: Gon Asla's CV
---
# Gon Asla
Passionate about social responsibility

<div id="webaddress">
<a href="mailto:&#103;&#104;&#099;&#118;&#064;&#097;&#115;&#108;&#097;&#046;&#101;&#109;&#097;&#105;&#108;">&#103;&#104;&#099;&#118;&#064;&#097;&#115;&#108;&#097;&#046;&#101;&#109;&#097;&#105;&#108;</a>
| <a href="https://github.com/kalpo">Github page</a>
</div>

## Languages

__English__: Native (C2),  __Spanish__: Native (C2),  __Dutch__: Limited (B1) - currently studying towards B2

## Experience

### Salaried
`Jan 2019 - May 2021`
__Staff Registered Nurse__ 
- *NHS Lothian*  `2 yrs 5 mos`
- In a collaborative environment, we planned and delivered care for patients in a 22-bedded accute oncology ward. 
- __Key Skills:__ Time management, teamwork, communication and compassion.
- __Key Nursing Skills:__ person-centered care (PCC), venupuncture, cannulation, catheterization, management of Central Venous Access Devices, administration of cytotoxic drugs, cytotoxicity screaning,  delivery of personal care.

`Jan 2019 - May 2021`
__Staff Registered Nurse (Bank)__
- *NHS Lothian* `2 yrs 5 mos`
- In addition to working full time for my home ward, I also worked for the staff bank where I provided care in various departments both surgical and medical such as neurology, urology, GI, hepatic, respiratory, MOE, stroke. 

`Sep 2017 - Jan 2019`
__Health Care Assistant (Bank)__
- *NHS Lothian* `1 yrs 5 mos`
- While working towards my nursing registration I work providing personal care for patients in numerous different wards and specialities. 
- __Key Skills:__ PCC, customer care and support, teamwork.

### Pro-bono
`Jun 2018 - Aug 2020`
__Trustee__ and __Health and Social Care Lead__
- *[UTSAAH](http://utsaah.org.uk)* `2 yrs 3 mos`
- I worked an average of 20h a month leading the Health and Social care efforts of the charity. My responsibilities included: management of diverse projects with numerous partnering organisations in India, field work research development and implementation, fundraising, networking and mentoring. I also still maintain their IT infrastructure.
- __Key Skills:__ Networking, research, project management

`Jan 2017 - Oct 2019`
__Research and Volunteer Innovation Lead__
- *First Aid Africa* `2 yrs 10 mos`
- In collaboration with various teams that I helped create, we: Designed and implemented a quality control methodology to evaluate student knowledge retention rates; Created a student society that fundraised 15,000£ in order to train 10 first aid instructors that went to provide free certified first aid courses in rural areas of Tanzania, Uganda and Malawi; formed a uk-based group of film-makers that produced content for fundraising, outreach and training.
- __Key Skills:__ Research, mentoring, project management

`Apr 2017 - Jun 2019`
__Junior Consuntant__
- *BRT - Edinburgh Napier University* `2 yrs 3 mos`
- As a consultant for the BRT, I worked with non-profit organisations helping them form volunteer groups with specific purposes such as content creation. I also worked for the social-responsibility outreach arm of the university where we organised events in collaboration with charities and social enterprises. I was a member of the university's Athena Swan commitee which aimed to help the university set and reach diversity goals. 
I was in the organising commity of the 16 days of action against gender based violence in Edinburgh.
- __Key Skills:__ Networking, event management, project management

## Education
`2015 - 2018`
__BN Adult Nursing (with Distinction)__
- Edinburgh Napier University

`2013`
__Cert.HE (Artificiall Intelligence and Computer Science)__
- Edinburgh University


## Awards

`Mar 2017`
__Society Scarlet__, *Edinburgh Napier University*, Edinburgh, Scotland

`Dec 2016`
__Trustees Award__, *First Aid Africa*, Edinburgh, Scotland



## Publications

`May 2019`
__Towards Health: An overview of the health needs in the upper Tons Valley__ 
- Gon Asla and Rebecca Paxton
- *[UTSAAH](http://utsaah.org.uk)*, New Castle, UK, May 2017


<!-- ### Footer

Last updated: May 2013 -->

<!-- Line down the middle to know where the middle is! 
<hr class="line" style="border-left: 1px solid #4b42f5;height: 100%; position: absolute;left: 50%;margin-left: -1px;top: 0;">-->

Commit message:

Incorporated Mimi's feedback
	- Color scheme tweaked:
		- More color to item titles
		- Contrast between titles and other
			colored items with shades
	- Increased spacing between items
	- Reduce spacing between sections
	- Changed all 'we' for 'I'
	- Corrected inconsistent tenses
	- Made links more noticeable and uniform

	Also:
	- Reduce spacing between dates and the
		calculated time
	- Change print profile to not include color
		and not include the link to github
	- Included small description for the awards.

index.md, after:

---
layout: cv
title: Gon Asla's CV
---

# Gon Asla
Passionate about social responsibility

<div id="webaddress">
<a href="mailto:&#103;&#104;&#099;&#118;&#064;&#097;&#115;&#108;&#097;&#046;&#101;&#109;&#097;&#105;&#108;">&#103;&#104;&#099;&#118;&#064;&#097;&#115;&#108;&#097;&#046;&#101;&#109;&#097;&#105;&#108;</a>
<em>|</em> <a href="https://github.com/kalpo">Github page</a>
</div>

## Languages

__English__: Native (C2),  __Spanish__: Native (C2),  __Dutch__: Limited (B1) - currently studying towards B2

## Experience

### Salaried
`Jan 2019 - May 2021`
__Staff Registered Nurse__ 
- *NHS Lothian*  `2 yrs 5 mos`
- In a collaborative environment, I planned and delivered care for patients in a 22-bedded accute oncology ward. 
- __Key Skills:__ Time management, teamwork, communication and compassion.
- __Key Nursing Skills:__ person-centered care (PCC), venupuncture, cannulation, catheterization, management of Central Venous Access Devices, administration of cytotoxic drugs, cytotoxicity screaning,  delivery of personal care.

`Jan 2019 - May 2021`
__Staff Registered Nurse (Bank)__
- *NHS Lothian* `2 yrs 5 mos`
- In addition to working full time for my home ward, I also worked for the staff bank where I provided care in various departments both surgical and medical such as neurology, urology, GI, hepatic, respiratory, MOE, stroke. 

`Sep 2017 - Jan 2019`
__Health Care Assistant (Bank)__
- *NHS Lothian* `1 yrs 5 mos`
- While working towards my nursing registration I worked providing personal care for patients in numerous different wards and specialities. 
- __Key Skills:__ PCC, customer care and support, teamwork.

### Pro-bono
`Jun 2018 - Aug 2020`
__Trustee__ and __Health and Social Care Lead__
- *[UTSAAH](http://utsaah.org.uk)* `2 yrs 3 mos`
- I worked an average of 20h a month leading the Health and Social care efforts of the charity. My responsibilities included: management of diverse projects with numerous partnering organisations in India, field work research development and implementation, fundraising, networking and mentoring. I also still maintain their IT infrastructure.
- __Key Skills:__ Networking, research, project management

`Jan 2017 - Oct 2019`
__Research and Volunteer Innovation Lead__
- *First Aid Africa* `2 yrs 10 mos`
- In collaboration with various teams that I helped create, I: Designed and implemented a quality control methodology to evaluate student knowledge retention rates; Created a student society that fundraised 15,000£ in order to train 10 first aid instructors that went to provide free certified first aid courses in rural areas of Tanzania, Uganda and Malawi; formed a uk-based group of film-makers that produced content for fundraising, outreach and training.
- __Key Skills:__ Research, mentoring, project management

`Apr 2017 - Jun 2019`
__Junior Consuntant__
- *BRT - Edinburgh Napier University* `2 yrs 3 mos`
- As a consultant for the BRT, I worked with non-profit organisations helping them form volunteer groups with specific purposes such as content creation. I also worked for the social-responsibility outreach arm of the university where we organised events in collaboration with charities and social enterprises. I was a member of the university's Athena Swan commitee which aimed to help the university set and reach diversity goals. 
I was in the organising commity of the 16 days of action against gender based violence in Edinburgh.
- __Key Skills:__ Networking, event management, project management

## Education
`2015 - 2018`
__BN Adult Nursing (with Distinction)__
- Edinburgh Napier University

`2013`
__Cert.HE (Artificiall Intelligence and Computer Science)__
- Edinburgh University


## Awards

`Mar 2017`
__Society Scarlet__, *Edinburgh Napier University*, Edinburgh, Scotland
- "To receive a Society Scarlet, a Society Member must have made a significant contribution to their society"

`Dec 2016`
__Trustees Award__, *First Aid Africa*, Edinburgh, Scotland
- "For showing dedication to the charity's work in the UK and commitment to the continual improvement of the organisation."



## Publications

`May 2019`
__Towards Health: An overview of the health needs in the upper Tons Valley__ 
- Gon Asla and Rebecca Paxton
- *[UTSAAH](http://utsaah.org.uk)*, New Castle, UK, May 2017

<!-- Line down the middle to know where the middle is! 
<hr class="line" style="border-left: 1px solid #4b42f5;height: 100%; position: absolute;left: 50%;margin-left: -1px;top: 0;">-->
